I thought I told you you do the dishes
yeah six there it's known he was
announced enough kid even though I
wanted a girl
this is withdrawals got bad nobody could
really stand to be around him how I said
I didn't have a problem with the white
stuff but everybody knew
that's it y'all ready get going too I
see what's going on here I thought you
said we're going to sober we're going to
snowbird did he got a control man I
think we've all been really worried
about poverty and he needs treatment now
because if he doesn't we're all worried
that he's going to drift off into a
state of delirium that's beyond curable
and we don't know what to do we don't
know how to help so I even tried
withholding sex from him and nothing
worked the moment I knew he had hit rock
bottom is when he'd rather go ski then
watch me and my friend Cammy I had a
bubble bath and everything
you